Defender's Will
DEF +30%
For each different element present in your own party, the wearer's Elemental RES to that corresponding element is increased by 30%.
Guardian's Flower
An iris that was cherished by the guardian. Unfortunately, the chance never came for it to be given to whom the guardian loved.
 Only that maiden's clear voice, Could cause the guardian's brow to come unbound.  Their time together was short. At last, the knight's blood would run dry, As would her tears and her songs. 
Guardian's Sigil
A feather-shaped brooch that symbolizes someone’s yearning to defend others like a shield.
 The shield-crest engraved upon this quill glitters in the pale moonlight. Long ago, this light would strike fear into the hearts of evildoers and thieves.  The guardian had a very precious knightly title. But at night, he would disguise his crest and face beneath a mantle. Thus, he could shake off his restraints and do that which needed to be done— —Yet could not be done by an upright knight in good standing. 
Guardian's Clock
A small timekeeping gadget. On moonless nights, it was the only way its former owner could know the time.
 The ticking of the clock's hands, the candlelight, and the reams of case notes, The shadows by moonlight, the blade and black mantle, These were the constant companions of the lonesome guardian. But no matter how far he went, there was never enough time. His superior, carefree and proud, often laughed at his curtness, his unsmiling face, his aversion to fun.  But the guardian was not one to look back on the past — only to the present and future. Only by reaving every last trace of evil, no matter the means, Could he ensure that this land that his friend and superior loved could have a future without fear.  Only when he gazed on that maiden in the square, Could he think upon things he had no time for.  Only then could he think about his own future...
Guardian's Vessel
A metal vessel that can be filled with a drink to dispel the loneliness of the long watch.
 An exceedingly ordinary old wine canteen. If one had to point out something special about it, It would be that it never once contained a drop of alcohol.  "Come on, you have to try a little wine sometime." The guardian's longtime friend and superior joked. "Quit knitting those eyebrows together, have a little wine and song!" "I mean, that's how we have the courage to face tomorrow." 
Guardian's Band
A fabric band dyed indigo by the darkness of night. Can also double as a bandage in the event of an emergency.
 Always have a backup plan— He wore this headband to remind himself of that axiom. In an emergency, it could also serve as a tourniquet.  By this creed he taught his swordsmanship to the knights under his friend's command. By this credo he also mentored a white knight who loved justice above all else. In its name he nipped many seedlings that might have blossomed into evil in the bud.  As long as he was sufficiently prepared, Even if one day, he should be unable to defend this land, Or protect his friend, or that maiden who loved to sing...
